does this seem familiar is a cold which
is stopped 0 X 0 0 0 0 0 0 7 B ok now
let me show you how I got this error I
just plugged in a new hard drive and
this is a netbook I'm installing it
through a flash drive and everything
looks fine until I get this part you're
going to restart a computer and I'll
show you it might not be a fix for all
the errors that you get from windows but
this is how I fix mine so if it if it
works for one of you this is great so
I'm going to press f12 and boot it from
the USB up there yeah and I use this
program to boot from the USB now it's
going to load up windows and you see
it's loading of the files and loading up
really fast you're going to get to see
the era and there you go so if this
happens to you and it's also a netbook
this is an Acer netbook this is what I
did I had to go step by step to do this
because I searched it on the web and
they gave me a lot of results but I was
limiting one by one so I gonna go they
put up a little bit faster let me boot
up again
so I'm going to go to the BIOS and
let me see if I could show you properly
in in the BIOS under main there's one
that says a SATA mode which is SATA mode
and it's as you can see it's a eh CI so
what I did I moved all the way there
changed it to IDE and then press save
and exit and we'll see what happens we
will load again from the flash drive so
we're loading for the flash drive
and there you go you're set to go
I'm guessing that there's some is this
an arrow with Windows the set up and you
gotta change to ID so you could just
have to read the hard drive because not
reading the hard drive when it's getting
ready to install it so after you get
this you know what to do you just
continue installation and I hope this
video helped some of you if you have any
questions you could write to us or visit
the website thank you